Add `Security Hardened Kubernetes Cluster` ruleset version `v0.1.0` (#342)
gardener/diki: docs/rulesets/security-hardened-k8s-cluster/ruleset.md

# Security Hardened Kubernetes Cluster Guide

## Introduction

The Security Hardened Kubernetes Cluster Guide is created as an extension to the [DISA Kubernetes Security Technical Implementation Guide](../disa-k8s-stig/ruleset.md).
It aims to additionally increase the security posture of a Kubernetes cluster.
The ruleset is inspired and follows some of the policies from [Kyverno](https://release-1-12-0.kyverno.io/policies/).

## Rules

### 2000 - Ingress and egress traffic must be restricted by default.

#### Description
This rule follows the requirements from Kyverno best practices policy [Add Network Policy](https://release-1-12-0.kyverno.io/policies/best-practices/add-network-policy/add-network-policy/).

#### Fix
Configure a default `NetworkPolicy` for each `Namespace` to default deny all ingress and egress traffic to the `Pods` in the `Namespace`.

``` yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: NetworkPolicy
metadata:
  name: default-deny
spec:
  # select all pods in the namespace
  podSelector: {}
  # deny all traffic
  policyTypes:
  - Ingress
  - Egress
```
---

### 2001 - Containers must be forbidden to escalate privileges.

#### Description

> This rule follows the requirements from Kyverno pod security policy [Disallow Privilege Escalation](https://release-1-12-0.kyverno.io/policies/pod-security/restricted/disallow-privilege-escalation/disallow-privilege-escalation/).

Reviewer: I am wondering if we should link these policies directly from github. WYDT? https://github.com/kyverno/policies/tree/release-1.12

> [!WARNING]  
> `securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation` is set to `true` in the following exceptions:
> - container is running as `privileged`
> - `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` is added to the container

``` yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
spec:
  containers:
  - name: ...
    securityContext:
      allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
```
---

### 2002 - Storage Classes should have a "Delete" reclaim policy.

#### Description
This rule follows the requirements from Kyverno policy [Restrict StorageClass](https://release-1-12-0.kyverno.io/policies/other/restrict-storageclass/restrict-storageclass/).

#### Fix
Do not set `StorageClass` field `reclaimPolicy` as it defaults to `Delete` or set it explicitly to `Delete`.

``` yaml
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: StorageClass
reclaimPolicy: Delete
```
---

### 2003 - Pods should use only allowed volume types.

#### Description
This rule follows the requirements from Kyverno pod security policy [Restrict Volume Type](https://release-1-12-0.kyverno.io/policies/pod-security/restricted/restrict-volume-types/restrict-volume-types/).

#### Fix

> `Pod` `Volume` types are restricted to `configMap`, `csi`, `downwardAPI`, `emptyDir`, `ephemeral`, `persistentVolumeClaim`, `projected` and `secret`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restrict `Pod` volume types to `configMap`, `csi`, `downwardAPI`, `emptyDir`, `ephemeral`, `persistentVolumeClaim`, `projected` and `secret`.
```
